>> Jon Kuperman: So Ben asking, I assume
if I toy with the screen reader I'll only
get a mediocre understanding of the UX
of users with different ability levels.
Are there services like
usertesting.com that can give good,
qualitative views into UX, real users
with disabilities for our sites?
I'm really not sure on that one.
When I was at Twitter,
we were really fortunate.
We had a group of people
that we reached out to.
But I am really not sure, as far as
real-life accessibility user testing.
I mean, I know it's a piece of product
that a lot of the firms offer, but
I'm not sure.
>> Speaker 2: Like
Deque-
>> Jon Kuperman: Yup.
>> Speaker 2: Or SSB BART Group do that
kind of service as part of
their consultation services.
>> Jon Kuperman: Exactly,
yeah.
>> Speaker 2: And
they hire people with disabilities,
that sort of thing.
You can also work with companies
that do UX research and
put together-
>> Jon Kuperman: And
see if they have, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Many of them will recruit
people with whatever demographics
that you're looking for.
That includes people with disabilities.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah I would refer Ben,
I would probably check out these two
places, SSB BART Group and then Deque.
And they are probably two
of the front runners.
If you go to an accessibility conference,
they're the main sponsors
a lot of the time.
And they do a lot of speaking too.
So yeah, I would check them out and see.
Yeah, like I said,
I know they have contract services.
But I'm not sure,
as far as more of a community website,
I'm not sure.
>> Speaker 3: You didn't touch much,
that I can recall at least,
on web accessibility on mobile.
Is there anything that you
might add about Narrator or
VoiceOver?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah,
that's a really good topic.
I'm never sure where to go with that.
So mobile accessibility for
apps is really great.
If you have an iPhone,
Windows phone, Android phone,
they have accessibility features
built-in that are awesome,
including some really cool
gestures to do different things.
But as far as the mobile
Web accessibility,
not sure if I can think of all
that much specifically in there.
They'll have the same screen reader
technology and things like that.
One big one that I kind of
mentioned a little bit,
but thinking about stuff like characters
per line, your tap targets being big and
spaced enough, things like that,
which can help I'm not sure if I can,
off hand,
think of too many other specific things.
But yeah, I mean mobile accessibility for
native apps is its own similar field.
But then as far as for the mobile Web,
the ones I can just kind of think
about are clean content structure,
and buttons being identifiable and
clickable easily.
>> Speaker 3: That's where responsive
design really becomes beneficial.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah,
definitely.
>> Jon Kuperman: And
yeah, depending on,
there's a lot of really cool apps there.
But also I've seen some cool stuff for
parsing sites by their headers.
So again, going back into
using appropriate headings can
have additional benefits.
But yeah,
I think a lot of the same Web best
practices apply to mobile Web.
>> Speaker 3: There was one particular
problem I ran across, and
it's kind of an edge case.
But it was that we had
an instance where we were trying
to put a link inside the value,
that was the label for
a check box, using VoiceOver on an iPhone.
Only the whole thing could get focused,
so you couldn't actually dive down
into the link inside of the label.
Because the check box was taking
precedence in terms of the focus.
So just to say that there are some small
differences delivering the very same
thing on mobile,
that you don't encounter in
the desktop browser.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, I remember we had
one on Twitter, kinda similar I mean, when
we started doing nested conversations.
Where I think it was
only one of the phones,
the screen reader was reading
the original tweet every single time.
So you'd have a tweet
storm with eight tweets.
And it would be like foo,
foo bar, foo baz.
It would just keep doing it.
I was like, man,
what the heck is going on?
But it was kind of similar, where it
was overly simplified focus basically,
where we really wanted focus just on the.
Yeah, there's definitely some
unique challenges there.
Yeah?
>> Speaker 2: Another from Ben.
Are there any particular
experts on accessibility or
subtopics on accessibility that
you would recommend following for
more info?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, so
as far as Twitter people go,
I follow, yeah,
Rob Dodson and Marcy Sutton,
and then Jennison.
I'll find their Twitter
handles real quick.
So Jennison,
he's kind of the accessibility guy
in the Bay Area, he's @Jennison.
So he runs a lot of the meetups,
and events, and things like that.
He works at LinkedIn, they do really
great work with accessibility.
And he's always announcing, I don't know.
He just runs, he's got unlimited energy.
He's always running cool events,
so I follow him.
And then as far as companies go,
yeah, I think Deque and
the SSB BART Group are really great.
And they like to tweet cool
projects when they see them come.
And there's,
Rob Dodson has a class on Udacity,
that's I believe free, on accessibility.
I think that one's cool.
>> Speaker 3: Karl Groves,
who's the main guy at Tenon.io.
>> Jon Kuperman: Karl Groves is, yeah,
yeah, yeah.
He's the guy that does Tenon,
he has a blog that's fantastic.
He does a bunch of public speaking.
There's some really cool events.
I only really know the West Coast ones,
cuz that's where I live right now.
But I'm sure there's really
cool events over here.
And the community's pretty small,
so you get to kinda meet and
hang out with everybody.
>> Speaker 4: I think there's a online
Accessibility Summit.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah!
So yeah, it's part of
the Global Accessibility Awareness Day.
I think it's yearly.
I think it's every year, I'm not sure.
>> Speaker 4: Well, there is that one.
But then there's also I think an online
only conference called
the Accessibility Summit.
I think, let me see.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah,
I think that happened a month ago or
something like that.
So catch the next one
[LAUGH] coming around,
yeah.
>> Speaker 4: Yeah,
I guess there's something else
called the Accessibility Summit,
so.
>> Jon Kuperman: Gotcha.
>> Speaker 4: There's,
I don't know.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah,
I mean, so if you can get to an event,
that's a really great way.
Most people go to most of the events,
and it's a cool place to network.
And people are always
building really cool stuff.
A lot of people from Google will be there.
And that's a great place to voice, hey,
I'm having this issue with
your accessibility dev tools.
People making accessible video players and
accessibility,
a lot of really cool stuff gets
talked about at those events.
So I like going to those,
if you ever get a chance to go to one.
Also the guy that, yeah,
as Jeremy's pointing out.
So Ryan Florence, who was one of the
people that started the react-a11y thing.
I think it was him, it might have been
somebody else now that I think about it.
Somebody started a slack for
accessibility, and
it uses that cool slack in thing.
So you can get your, yeah,
that's right, Ryan Florence.
So you can go to,
let's see, a11y.herokuapp.
Sorry, web-a11y.herokuapp.com.
Put in your e-mail, you get an invite,
you can join the slack.
That's got a ton of people in it,
which is great too.
I'm trying to think of other resources.
I tweet about stuff,
whenever I see cool stuff that comes out.
But yeah, I think those are.
That's a lot of cool follows,
a lot of people to follow to
get started with that stuff.